 Question 1 on options:
----------------------

=>Reasoning: 
 
Generally we will have different type of membership account in stores and they will get different additional discounts based on the membership.
People with no membership may get the discount of the store but there won't be any additional discount. We can use of options concept here to get
the final amount after applying the discount based on the membership.
Here we take an example of a store where a sale is going on and the default discount is 10% of the total amount.
There are two types of membership:
Gold membership who will get additional 5% discount on top of sale discount.
Diamond membership who will get additional 10% discount on top of sale discount. 
We will be calculating the final amount after applying the discounts based on membership.

=>Program:



Question 2 on options:
----------------------

=>Reasoning:

There is a concept called flagship phones in the mobile phones terminology and usually a mobile is called flagship phone of the brand if the phone
has high level features with most value for money. We can use the options concept to check whether a mobile is flagship phone or not.
So we consider the following conditions to check whether the phone is flagship phone or not.
1. If the price is from [200,300) then the features should include
	- Minimum 6GB Ram
	- Minimum 32MP Camera Resolution
	- Minimum 128GB Storage

1. If the price is from [300,500) then the features should include
	- Minimum 12GB Ram
	- Minimum 64MP Camera Resolution
	- Minimum 256GB Storage

=>Program:




Question 3 on multicast delegates:
----------------------------------

=>Reasoning: 

Students or professionals usually add notes while learning something. So we will use this scenario to use multi delegates functionality. One function
is used to display the content on the screen whereas other function is used to write the content added to the file. We will use multicast delegate 
functionality to run both these at same time
1. Display the content on the screen
2. Append the content to the file in the disk

=>Program:



Question 4 on multicast delegates:
----------------------------------

=>Reasoning: 

When we take a home loan to buy a house we usually wants to know the interest amount we pay and the emi payment schedule. So for a given principal
interest rate and no of years we find the mortgage and the payment schedule using the multicast delegates
So for a given principal, interest and no of years using delegates we find
1. Mortgage
2. Payment schedule

=>Program:



